Version 1.1
===========

* Added a version control system.  
    Changes on the server folder will be watched, and Tequila will ask you if you want to commit those if any.
    
* Added server groups.  
    Groups are created with `tequila group init <group name>`.  
    A group is referenced by `@groupname`; for instance, if you want to start all the servers in a group, you may so by calling `tequila start @groupname`.  
    Servers can be added/removed using the `tequila group add/rm <server name>` commands.
    
* Added server instances.  
    This feature allows you to start multiple instances of the same server whilst leaving the original configuration alone.  
    Multiple instances are disabled by default and may be enabled through the configuration file.
    There are two kinds of policies with how instances work, (port) **binding policies** and **startup policies**.  
    
    **Startup policies** define what should be done before (and after) an instance is run -- currently, there are the two following:
    * the `copy` policy will copy the server directory to the (temporary) instance directory, and delete the instance directory after the associated instance stopped.
    * the `union` policy will try to mount-union the server directory as a read-only layer to the instance directory. No copy is performed, and changes are discarded after the instance stopped. (Note: this policy can only be performed as root, even though it will start the server as the user specified in the configuration; and it cannot be used with the screen wrapper.)
    
    **Binding policies** define how ports should be associated with the instance.
    * the `fixed` policy will associate in the same order, from a lower bound, a port to an instance. This means that if the lower bound is 25565, instance 1 will get port 25565, instance 2 will get port 25566, etc...
    * the `dynamic` policy will try to associate the lowest unused port within the defined port range to an instance, regardless of order; this means that if the port range is 25565 to 25665, and we first start instances 1 and 2, instance 1 will get port 25565, and instance 2 will get port 25566 -- but then if we stop instance 1, then start instance 3, then instance 3 will get port 25565.
    Note that tequila is not, in fact, binding ports, but sets the value of a `port` variable usable in the application.opts file.
    
* Added a daemon wrapper type, which is much more simpler, not depending on external dependencies. This should be used when using a custom wrapper in the `start` script.
* Changed the `create` command to the `init` command
* Changed the `list` command to the `status` command
